# aston_barclay_framework_demo

My Framework Summary and AstonBarclay Demo Task

1- I am using Java Selenium Cucumber framework and junit for my assertions. 2- I created my POM.XML file and added my dependencies and plugins that I needed such as webdrivermanager, cucumber-junit, javafaker. 3- I created configuration.properties file to keep important test data like browser type, URL. It helps me to prevent hardcoding 4- I implemented Page Object Model (POM). POM ensures all my locator are centralised and I have easy access to them. 5- I have Singleten Design Pattern in my framework. SDP allows to have only one instance of my driver in my entire project. 6- I created my BrowserUtils class to keep my commonly use method. This enables me to write clean code and prevent repetative coding. 7- Next I have my Hooks class.Hooks class allows me to execute certain actions after each scenario. Maximizing window or taking screenshot if scenario is failing Driver.closeDriver() is also important method in hooks class which classes the current browser session. 8- ConfigurationReader class enables me to read from configuration.properties 9- Finally I have features folder where I have my features for each scenarios. I run these features to get my code snippets and copy paste these failing codes to write my actual in my step definitions. 10- Last but not the least is CukesRunner class. This class allows me to control the flow of my project. I can run my tests, add my tags such as @smoke or @regression, paths to my features files and step definitions.
